hello everyone welcome back to another
video of dragons story so today we're
back with the Cyber Dragon if you like
like metal type dragons or like I guess
mechanical type of dragons on this cyber
dragon is wonderful dragons you want to
get now the this dragon is a metal type
dragon which means that you need to have
the metal dragon which is a new element
dragon that was released into the game
now how much um how long it will take
you i'm not really sure but you know the
new dragons generally take you a bit
longer compared the old one that's my
opinion though um there is definitely no
fun of Mendel's there anyways so this
cyber dragon is a cyborg like type
dragon you know it's kind of green
purplish is half metal it's it's just a
mixture of stop now to get this dragon
as you can see that it is an element or
symbol of metal purple and green so my
recommended combination is using the
metal dragon and the poison dragon
that's the metal dragon in the poison
dragon because you know the metal
dragons is easy to obtain the poison
dragon is also easy to obtain what
you're looking for is the 20 hours
breeding process and i'll take another
20 hours for the dragon to hatch okay so
you can use other dragons it doesn't
have to be the poison dragon as long as
you have the metal element the green
color and the purple color then you have
a chance at getting this dragon but do
keep in mind you also have a chance of
getting a poison dragon which is 20 and
1 hours breeding process so it might
take awhile depending on your luck and
how you play the game or I guess how
lucky you are in the game that is all
hopefully you do get the dragon then you
place this dragon into any metal green
or purple habitat